[SKIP CI] update to reflect changes in #8833 (#8834)
tachiyomiorg/tachiyomi-extensions: CONTRIBUTING.md

There are three steps in running and testing a theme source:

1. Generate the sources
    - **Option 1: Only generate sources from one theme** 

>         - **Method 1:** Find and run `XxxGenerator` run configuration form the `Run/Debug Configuration` menu.

Reviewer: Sounds like a very lewd generator.
Wouldn't this be better?
```suggestion
        - **Method 1:** Find and run `<ThemeName>Generator` run configuration form the `Run/Debug Configuration` menu.
```
